welcome to the poor man's gourmet
kitchen where we share gourmet recipes
and a little much wonder now check this
up the first thing you want to do is
butterfly your shrimp just take a sharp
knife down the backside of the shrimp
just the same way you would devein it go
3/4 of the way through and fan it open
like this as you can see front back are
still intact
now here we've got our tenpura and our
coconut all take their shrimp and we'll
dip it straight in the tempura now I've
made it a little bit thicker than normal
if you don't know how to make that then
just click the link here on the left but
after you get it completely soaked just
drift dry it and dip it in your coconut
on all sides and make sure it's
completely covered now just on a side
note having a thicker tempura
allows you to get more coverage of the
coconut and it keeps you from having to
use panko to fill the spaces and that's
it that's how it looks
once you get enough of them done and
you've covered a plate you can move to
the frying
just a hot pan and some oil
and then they go have about a quarter
inch of peanut oil anymore that's all
you'll need for the prime know it takes
a couple minutes per side
you may need to add more oil in between
each batch but that's okay that's
completely normal
now you want to do is just flip them
get your cover on each side and when I
completely cook just plate it on some
paper towels like this I will absorb all
the remaining oil fat that you want to
get rid of before you start chewing on
the shrimp I like to use borns chili
sauce for the dipping sauce and it just
comes in a bottle so it's real
convenient to just purchase an Asian
section and there you have it
coconut shrimp right here in the poor
man's gourmet kitchen
thank you for watching and be sure to
stop by poor man's gourmet kitchen com
for more recipes and exact ingredients